You need to prepare your boarding pass and passport in front of the gate.
You need to show your boarding pass and passport at the gate.
The supermarket is located near the theater.
You need to pass the written exam to get your driver's license.
You need to pass the written exam before applying for a driver's license.
The bus to London will leave ten minutes later than planned.
The bus to London will leave early tomorrow morning.
The bus to London will leave ten minutes earlier than planned.
You need to get a new photo for your driver's license.
You need to have warm clothes for winter.
If you show your student card, you will get a discount.
Students from different backgrounds can achieve a variety of qualifications.
The bus to the airport will arrive soon.
Students with diverse backgrounds can achieve a variety of qualifications.
Always bring your keys with you because the front door closes automatically.
Students are supposed to assemble in the seminar hall before the announcement.
You must wear a hard hat when you go to the construction site.
You need to wear a hard hat at the construction site.
Several people have applied for the manager position.
If you like cooking, we can make supper together.
You can register your card at the university student center or the library.
You need to make an appointment with the doctor.
Please submit all assignments before the deadline.
You need to have warm clothes for winter.
The old building at the university is still being used.
The chemistry building is located near the campus entrance.
The bus right out front will take you to the station.
Parking permits can be collected from the student service office.
Passengers on the train should take their seats.
Passengers on the train should not put their feet on the seats.
We are committed to recruiting the best students regardless of their financial situation.
We are committed to attracting the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
The energy we absorb from food can help us stay warm and prevent getting cold.
Biotechnology is the future of traditional biology.
If you want to be a good student, you should attend every class.
The bus to London will be scheduled once a week.
Newspapers across the world are reporting stories about presidents.
Your son has a bad cold and is in the nurse's office.
I have to get up early for an interview tomorrow.
The library will be closed during summer vacation.
The campus library will be closed during the winter break.
Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
You can add a salad to your meal.
The grocery store is around the corner down the street.
You need to record every detail of the afternoon call.
Just wait a minute, I will be with you shortly.
Please keep your keys with you because the front door locks automatically.
The information you need for this meeting is on the website.
Students have the opportunity to share lunch during the common break around noon.
Your wages will be deposited into your bank account on Thursday.
The hotel is located near your apartment.
I'm out, please take notes if someone calls.
If you forget your password, please contact the office.
I didn't understand the author's point of view on immigration.
Everyone has their own computer.
I have to prepare a report for the manager.
The bus to the airport will arrive soon.
The downtown library will be closed.
You can find the books in the library.
You can speak with current students at the information sessions.
You need to fulfill the enrollment requirements.
Your son has a bad cold and is in the nurse's office.
Please move us to another room.
Please report to the boss.
I will have a meeting on Thursday.
Students are available in the department.
If the doctor calls while I'm out, please take a message.
All students are expected to have their own laptops.
We will change classrooms because this one is too small.
I would like my assignment to be less than 2,000 words.
Please keep your keys with you because the front door locks automatically.
Students are allowed to bring dictionaries to the exam.
Control systems in manufacturing require a high level of accuracy.
Higher education leads to higher pay.
If finances are a concern, scholarships may be available.
Early next year there will be a major auction of his work.
The vehicle he was traveling in collided with a train.
The bus by the building goes directly to the central bus station.
You can obtain the application form from the administrative office.
To meet the requirements, multiple copies must be submitted to the department.
Restricted scholarships primarily target students with specific goals.
I didn't understand the author's perspective on immigration.
In your introduction, demonstrate your understanding of the question in no more than four sentences.
Students must attend safety courses and wear protective goggles before entering the laboratory.
The graph shows population growth in the last century.
The full list of undergraduate programs can be found on the website.
There are many different religions across the world.
The study demonstrates the need for further research in this field.
Try to complete it as soon as possible.
This program runs in partnership with several departments.
Your abstract should include the empirical evidence from your research.
I haven't done much work in this area.
We will change classrooms because this one is too small.
Students are supposed to assemble in the seminar hall before the announcement.
You are not sure if you can skip Wednesday's sessions.
We often ask our students to access all sorts of services.
Parking permits can be obtained at the student service center.
All students' futures depend on their education.
Professor Gordon called me a few minutes ago.
We can discuss education in next week's tutorial.
Young children need education and organized activities.
Please read the first two sections before next week.